TF2 environment settings (#5230)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5230.feature.rst

Refactor how GPU and CPU environments are configured for TensorFlow 2.0

Please refer to the `documentation <https://rasa.com/docs/rasa/api/tensorflow_usage.html>`_ to understand
which environment variables to set in what scenarios. A couple of examples are shown below as well:

.. code-block:: python

    # This specifies to use 1024 MB of memory from GPU with logical ID 0 and 2048 MB of memory from GPU with logical ID 1
    TF_GPU_MEMORY_ALLOC="0:1024, 1:2048"

>     # Specifies that atmost 3 CPU threads can be used to parallelize multiple non-blocking operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Specifies that at most 3 CPU threads can be used to parallelize multiple non-blocking operations
```

    TF_INTER_OP_PARALLELISM_THREADS="3"

>     # Specifies that atmost 2 CPU threads can be used to parallelize a particular operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Specifies that at most 2 CPU threads can be used to parallelize a particular operation.
```
